---
layout: minimal_post
title: Work Log
date: 2015-02-04 10:00:00 
published: false
---


## Projects


### pedfactory

* Still writing on this thing.  By friday I got to the point of being really
happy with it up through explication of the sum-product algorithm.
* (Mon) writing on this a bit.
* (Tue) Writing on this a lot.  Well, more formulating rather than writing.  Figuring
out how to express a family of moves around the space of pedigrees.  Made a lot of figures
for that too.


### big-creek
[_https://github.com/eriqande/big-creek (private repo)_](https://github.com/eriqande/big-creek)

* (Thu) Worked with Devon to try to identify ways to show that population
structure is not driving the results at Omy 5.  Ran some analyses, thinking
that maybe we could test for pop structure at neutral markers, but the
existence of all the sibships complicates that. 
* (Fri)  Met with Devon about this population structure thing.

### flock-comment / flockture
[_https://github.com/eriqande/flock-comment_](https://github.com/eriqande/flock-comment)
and [_https://github.com/eriqande/flockture_](https://github.com/eriqande/flockture)






### herring
[_https://github.com/eriqande/herring_](https://github.com/eriqande/herring)



### Pata-chinook
[_https://github.com/eriqande/pata-chinook_](https://github.com/eriqande/pata-chinook)



### pbt-feasibility

* (Mon) Reading over the comments of the OC.  Reaching out to Marianna A.
to set up a time to talk to her about aggregation of recoveries.
* (Mon) Getting on implementing my MCMC sampler.  
* (Wed) Phone conference with the other PIs.  I need to write up a thing on variance in PBT
tagging rates with different sizes.  Use Anthony's PBT pedigrees.


### sib-prog-assess
[_https://github.com/eriqande/sib-prog-assess_](https://github.com/eriqande/sib-prog-assess)



## Teaching and Advising


### rep-res-course
[_Course Web Site_](http://eriqande.github.io/rep-res-web/)  
[_Course GitHub Repository_](https://github.com/eriqande/rep-res-course)





### Thomas Ng

* (Mon) I met with thomas.  We talked about sturgeon self-ID and his thesis proposal.  We've cooked up some nice ideas (I think) to try to do
self-identification on the sturgeon using all the loci, and not requiring the calling of any clusters.  It would require typing a common set
of individuals (30 to 48 or so, maybe) on every chip that we run and using those re-genotypes to adjust for differences in chips from run to
run.


## Service, Assistance, and Interaction
_Help to other researchers both in the lab and outside of the lab._


### Within SWFSC

* (Mon) Went to Staff Meeting to take notes for the group.
* (Mon) Working with Simone to help him get SNPPIT up and running for
his marbled trout data to try to compare to some of the funky FRANZ results
he is getting.
* (Mon) Helped Martha by writing a script in R to convert genepop files to two-column format.
* (Mon) Late night, posted a blog (written mostly on Jan 22) about solving ODEs in R---helpful for 
people taking Marc's quant fish class.


### Outside of SWFSC but within NMFS



### Outside of NMFS

* (Mon) At home at night, helped Kristen get the genomic coordinates and associated genes (if any) of some fluidigm assays in swth and wiwa.
* (Wed) Short email to David Williams, an author who is writing a geology book about Seattle and had some
questions about Lake Washington sockeye.

## Non-project
_Other things that are not projects, teaching, nor service/assistance.  Mostly time I
spend on infrastructure and learning new things_

* (Wed)  ITM recertification time suck.